**PdfMiniTools** is a set of small command line  utilities for working with PDF files:- pdfInfo - displays properties and form field content of a PDF file.- pdfCat - joins two or more PDF files into a new file - pdfEvenOddMerge - creates a new PDF file by combining the contents of a PDF file containing only odd numbered pages with a PDF file containing only even numbered pages. (useful for combining output from single sided scanners).- pdfExtract - extracts pages from a PDF file into a new file.- pdfSplit - extracts a PDF file's contents into two or more new files.**Requirements**<br/>Windows 7/2008R2 or later, and version 4.6.2 of the .Net framework is required.**Usage (pdfInfo):**                pdfInfo [-acfi] file        Options:    -a, --all	 Show all available information (equivalent to -fi).     -c, --csv	 Display results as comma separated values (CSV).     -f, --fields Show form fields.     -i, --info	 Show basic PDF info. This is the default.Example:                pdfInfo file.pdf        Shows basic PDF info, such as page count, encryption, PDF version, etc. Equivalent to "pdfInfo -i file.pdf"Example 2:        pdfInfo -f file.pdfShows the PDF's form fields, and their values. PDF files that do not contain fill-in fields are unlikely to have any form fields to display.Example 3:        pdfInfo -ac file.pdf  Will show basic PDF info, and any form fields, as comma separated values. Equivalent to "pdfInfo -cfi file.pdf"**Usage (pdfCat):**        pdfCat file1 file2 [file3...] outputfileExample:        pdfCat file1.pdf file2.pdf file3.pdf joinedfile.pdf  Concatenates the contents of file1.pdf, file2.pdf, and file3.pdf into the new file joinedfile.pdf**Usage (pdfEvenOddMerge):**        pdfevenoddmerge [-s] oddfile evenfile outputfileExample 1:        pdfevenoddmerge file1.pdf file2.pdf combined.pdfCreates the file *combined.pdf*, with odd pages from *file1.pdf*, and even pages from *file2.pdf*.Example 2:        pdfevenoddmerge -s file1.pdf file2.pdf combined.pdfSame as Example 1, except any extra pages will be skipped. (ie if *file1.pdf* contains 10 pages, and *file2.pdf* contains 12,  pages 11 and 12 in *file2.pdf* will be ignored.**Usage (pdfExtract):**        pdfExtract -e {page1|startpage1-endpage1}[,{page2|startpage2-endpage2}] [-p prefix] inputfileOptions:        -e, --extract Specifies the pages to extract. Required.         -p, --prefix  Set the output file(s) prefix. Default is the input filename. Optional.Example:        pdfExtract -e 12,16,23 inputfile.pdfExtracts pages 12,16, and 23 from *inputfile.pdf.* Output filenames will be *inputfile_1.pdf*, *inputfile_2.pdf*, and *inputfile_3.pdf*.Example 2:        pdfExtract -e 10-16,23,31 inputfile.pdfExtracts pages 10-16, 23, and 31 from *inputfile.pdf*. Output filenames will be *inputfile_1.pdf*, *inputfile2.pdf*, and *inputfile3.pdf*.Example 3:        pdfExtract -e 12 -p output inputfile.pdf  Extracts page 12 from *inputfile.pdf*. Output filename will be *output1.pdf*.**Usage (pdfSplit):**        pdfSplit -{a|s} [page1,page2] [-p prefix] fileOptions:        -a, --allpages Split after every page.         -s, --splits   Pages to split at, separated by a comma.         -p, --prefix   Set the output files prefix. Default is the input filename. Optional.Example:        pdfSplit -s 11,21 -p splitfile file1.pdf  Splits *file1.pdf* at pages 11, and 21 into three files:*splitfile01.pdf* (contains pages 1-10) *splitfile02.pdf* (contains pages 11-20) *splitfile03.pdf* (contains all remaining pages)Example 2:         pdfSplit -a file.pdf   Splits *file.pdf* at every page. Output files would be:*file01.pdf* (page 1)*file02.pdf* (page 2) *file03.pdf* (page 3) . . *fileXX.pdf* (page XX - last page)**Acknowledgements**The following third party components are used/included:-   CommandLine Parser library (v1.8 stable) - [link][1]-   iTextSharp (v4.1.6 - last LGPL version) - [link][2]-   PDF icon from open icon library (LGPL ) - [link][3]-   Installer graphics from Open Clip Art (public domain):<br/>&nbsp; - [Amateur Astronomer][4]<br/>&nbsp; - [Spyglass][5]  [1]: <http://commandline.codeplex.com/>[5]: <http://openclipart.org/detail/28059/spyglass1-by-crimperman>[4]: <http://openclipart.org/detail/139579/amateur-astronomer-by-sunking2>[3]: <http://openiconlibrary.sourceforge.net/gallery2/?./Icons/apps/acroread.png>[2]: <http://itextsharp.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/itextsharp/tags/iTextSharp_4_1_6/>iTextSharp 4.1.6 is used because of its license - later versions use the more restrictive AGPL.